RUMM-629 Provide widget manual instrumentation demo in sample app (#339)
DataDog/dd-sdk-android: docs/rum_collection.md

      }
   ```

## Tracking widgets

> Unfortunately most of the time the Widgets are displayed in the ```AppWidgetHostView``` provided by the HomeScreen application and we are not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most of the time, the widgets are displayed in the `AppWidgetHostView` provided by the HomeScreen application, and we are not
```

> able to provide auto - instrumentation for those components. In order to send UI interaction information from your widgets you will have to manually call our

Reviewer: ```suggestion
able to provide auto-instrumentation for those components. To send UI interaction information from your widgets,  manually call our
```

> API. You can find an example in our Sample application where we propose a potential approach

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API. See one example approach in this sample application: 
```
